shooting out
incomprehensible because of what i'm charged loop
gardner it is simpler and see how
will karasika reaction is done just
is taken
some amount of fishing line
here is no need to save how
she is
anyway prone to abrasion take
piece of fishing line and do a loop under
feeders for the feeder knit ordinary knot
eight
and everything turns out right away but should not
get it right away otherwise they won't bite
probably will be enough shoulder
Immediately insert a feeder into this loop
through the swivel
without fanaticism we measure everything in place
remaining piece
so that the loop under the leash was slightly lower
feeders on this place do another
noose
in the same way the same not
tricky 8 pen
he's ready
extra
everything
seven seconds right on the pond now
leash fly away and continue our
fascinating occupation
something seemed to me that the longer
occasion more actively taken may
it seemed to check
basically all the same only this time
ready for
from preston
I do not know the hooks here on the yellow yellow
colors and I don't think it will be
is critical
that is, when shooting trough we
spent exactly five minutes in order
to bandage she gardner loop
sliding assembly here that running fedor
a little longer to do too
principle is not critical
He, too, sometimes the process of fishing change
useful if even that montage which
worth it completely satisfied who knows
maybe now on the gardner loop
more bites will be visible or
vice versa
feeding trough
poison poison
forward